Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V"...
What a pleasant duel that was.
I'm going to enjoy what's
about to happen now even more.
I'm going to absorb
your powers...
until there's nothing
left of you, Yugo.
No!
Stop this at once!
Reunite as one!
Tomb Conquistador,
destroy Sonic Halberd
and end this duel!
Plasmic Pulse Pulverizer!
Riley!
No, Yusho!
Ah, here you are.
It's you!
And I'm here to absorb you,
just like I did
your friend Yugo.
You're not taking
my son, Yuri.
Because I'm going
to beat you.
Now then...
Get ready, Yusho...
To become two dimensional!
Let's duel!
(Yusho)
Your key card is...
Super Polymerization!
I'm right.
Yeah, Dad!
(Yusho)
It's time for
my grand finale!
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action,
are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone,
anywhere, any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's showtime,
who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
What, no applause
for guessing
your Super Polymerization card
correctly?
Well, since I guessed
the correct card,
you have to place it
back in your deck
so you can no longer use it.
Next I'm allowed
to draw two cards...
And I think I'll place one
of them facedown.
And with that,
I do believe
I'll end my turn
which means
that you're now up.
So don't let me down.
Let's keep a run on the fun!
(snickering)
(laughing)
Oh, I'll have fun,
at your expense!
And you will pay dearly!
Now it's my turn
to bring the enter‐pain‐ment,
and I plan on doing just that
'cause, frankly,
your little guessing game
bored me to tears and
it bored our audience, too.
But what's coming next
sure won't.
So I won't deprive them
any longer.
Now on with the duel!
I draw! Ha!
First I summon from my hand
Predaplant Lilizard!
Next, I activate
Rapid Seed Fire!
Which means now, by sending
Predaplant Cordyceps
from my deck to my graveyard...
You take 300 points of damage,
and your monster loses
600 attack points!
In other words, Yusho,
I've planted the seeds
of your demise!
Well, I'm going to make sure
those seeds don't take root!
Since you activated
a trap card,
Sky Magician returns
a spell card
on my field to my hand,
and replaces it with
a different spell
from my hand.
So abracadabra and kalamazam,
Magician's Left Hand switches
to Magician's Right Hand!
Magician's Right Hand.
(Yuya)
Oh, yeah!
Give my dad a hand
because that card
will destroy Yuri's spell.
Seed ya later!
There's more! Since my dad
activated a spell,
Sky Magician now gains
an additional 300 attack points.
Can it be?
Is Yuya back to normal?
Well, Rapid Seed Fire
is still useful.
See when it's is destroyed,
I can destroy a card
for every Predaplant
on my field.
So I destroy Sky Magician and
Magician's Right Hand!
That would be the case...
If I didn't play
Performapal Sky Ring!
But because Sky Magician's
on my field,
not a single one of my cards
can be destroyed!
All right!
Dad's on a roll!
You'll have to do
better than that!
Way, way better,
because I'm activating
the spell Ivy Bind Castle!
What's happening?
(Yuri)
Thanks to my green thumb,
you can't use the effects
or special abilities
of all cards on your field!
What?
All of his cards?
That's right!
Spells, traps and monsters
are stuck in the weeds!
No way.
(scoffs)
And there's more!
Your monsters can't attack.
And every time it's your turn,
you take 800 points of damage
for every monster you have out.
You see, the Ivy I've played
is very much
the poisonous kind!
Not good.
Seems as though you've played
a true showstopper.
It appears
I'm out of options.
Say what?
Finally, the great entertainer
realizes that the curtain
is now lowering down.
Of course, things aren't
always as they seem.
This time they are!
Face it!
The duel is over!
You can't attack
and none of your cards
can use their effects,
it's hopeless for you now!
Take your final bow
because it's curtains!
My dad's not giving up.
Of course I'm sure.
Trust me!
Who's Yuya talking to?
There's just one person
who it could be...
Yuto.
That means both Yuya and Yuto
are free of Z‐ARC.
My Dad's been in
worse jams than this.
He has?
Yeah.
When I was a kid, my mom took me
to see my Dad duel in a match.
I remember it to this day!
Wow.
Ha!
Your monster's trapped!
Oh, no!
Don't you worry, Yuya.
You sit back and watch
your dad shine bright!
And boy, did he ever!
And I just know
he'll do it again!
You may have my cards wrapped
tighter than a present,
but I presently present...
with no precedent,
an escape to this predicament.
Oh, how I love
tongue twisters!
But there's no way you'll
twist your way out of this!
Just watch me!
Let's go, Sky Magician!
Time to shine!
And also, time for you
to take a jolting
800 points of damage!
Not bad, Yuri.
Your Ivy Bind Castle dealt me
800 points of damage
for every monster
I have on my field.
I'd say that was
an awesome move,
but you already know
I'm awesome.
Oh, but Yuri?
Wouldn't it be humbling
if my Sky Magician
can magically slip out
of your vines?
(Yuri)
Ha! You're bluffing!
Nothing can escape my‐‐
Wha‐‐ No way!
Oh, yeah!
It's that old sliperoo!
(Yusho)
Sky Magician,
time to bail
'cause you're out on bail!
Ta‐da!
(Sky Magician laughing)
Yeah!
No!
How'd he escape?
And since Sky Magician
has now left the field,
He can now destroy
one spell card!
So I mow down...
Your Ivy Bind Castle!
(laughing)
Who's that?
That is Sky Magician's student
Performapal Sky Pupil!
Pupil?
Yes, and it's he
who made this all possible!
Sky Pupil's special ability
freed his teacher
from your weedy weeds
and swapped places with him
on the field.
I'm totally giving
that sweep swap an A++!
Amazing!
I told you, Yuya.
Nothing to worry about.
He's the bestest!
(Pupil laughing)
It appears, Yuri,
that your green thumb isn't
all it's cracked up to be.
Shut up!
Now for my next step,
I activate...
The mystifyingly magical spell
card Magician's Restage!
When I have a Spellcaster
on my field,
I can bring back another
Spellcaster from my graveyard.
So Performapal Revue Dancer,
take the stage!
And as you know,
she has a special place
in my heart because
she counts as two monsters.
So I can tribute her
to bring back...
Sky Magician!
Now class
is officially in session,
and both teacher and student
will give you a lesson
you won't forget anytime soon!
And it starts with the spell
Magician's Left Hand!
It hands my Sky Magician
300 additional attack points!
Sky Magician...
Attack Lilizard!
Next: Sky Pupil,
it is time to attack
as well!
Show him that you're no
mere apprentice either!
I don't care how high
you raise his attack points,
Cephalotusnail can't be
destroyed in battle.
But when Sky Magician's
on the field,
Sky Pupil negates
your SNAIL's abilities.
Now your snail's not all
he's cracked up to be!
Oh, no!
I now place one card facedown
and end my turn!
Though you may have
life points left,
they will not
lead you to victory.
Amazing.
Yeah, Dad's got
this duel in the bag!
I've gotta admit,
you promised
to put on a good show
and you've done just that.
But all good things
must come to an end.
Oh, I disagree.
When something is good.
it lasts forever.
Even if only in your heart.
Such a sweet sentiment.
Wonder if that'll be the case
once I turn you into a card!
Ah, just the thing!
Your fate is finally sealed.
What did he draw?
I bet he's bluffing.
Just playing mind games
to try and throw my dad off!
'Fraid not.
No matter how much
you try to wish it to be so.
Oh please, it's over.
My dad's not
gonna lose to you.
Your dad's a clown.
And the only thing
he's good for
is a cheap chuckle or two.
He can't stop me from taking
all your powers,
and I'll be... unstoppable.
(gasps)
You wish!
Yes.
It's my deepest wish, Yuya.
For once I have you and Yuto,
there will be no one
as powerful as me.
But alas Yuri, your wish
shall never become reality.
Ever since I stopped you
from playing your key card,
Super Polymerization,
your strategy has
been in shambles.
I'm always three steps
ahead of you.
Then I guess
I'm four steps ahead of you.
Because Yusho,
you haven't stopped me.
What do you mean?
What if
Super Polymerization
wasn't my key to victory?
Then I'd say
you're a liar!
That's not very nice.
But you shall soon see
if I'm lying...
or if I'm not.
First I activate
Cordyceps' special ability
from my graveyard!
Now by banishing it,
I can summon back
two Predaplants
from my graveyard!
So welcome back Predaplants
Cephalotusnail and Lilizard!
And whenever Lilizard is
summoned from the graveyard,
I can draw one card!
And now I can fuse them together
with my true key card!
Not Super,
but Ultra Polymerization!
No! This can't be!
Yes, yes, it can.
I guess you never saw
that coming, now, did you?
And here's something else that
you never saw coming, Yusho...
By paying 1,000 life points...
I can fuse
the two monsters I have
to bring out a Fusion monster!
By grafting these
ravenous plants together,
I'll create a toxic nightmare!
I Fusion Summon...
The vicious, voracious,
and venomous...
Starving Venom Fusion Dragon!
But this is just the start!
Ultra Polymerization lets me
summon something else.
The very two monsters that were
used to bring out my Dragon!
With their attack points reset
to zero, that is.
And just like before,
I'm allowed to draw one card
when I resurrect Lilizard!
But I'm not done yet.
Thanks to Ultra Polymerization,
I can transform Lilizard
into a Tuner Monster!
Tuner?
Oh, no...
Ever since I absorbed
Yugo's powers,
I've learned the sweet summoning
skills of Synchro Summoning!
So I'll now make Lilizard
and Cephalotusnail one,
as well!
Beat your wings to whip up
a whirlwind of destruction!
I Synchro Summon...
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon!
(dragons roaring)
No!
Yuya!
Not bad,
but I can do one better.
I activate Sky Illusion!
Now, so long as
this card is in play,
your monsters can only
attack Sky Magician!
And it can't be destroyed
in battle or by
any special abilities!
Oh, nice move.
Just not nice enough.
Because my Starving
Venom Fusion Dragon
will now steal your Sky
Magician's special abilities!
I'm afraid this turn of events
certainly doesn't bode well
for you or Yuya.
And it's going to get worse.
Because as you see,
I have two Dragons
at my command.
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon
will now activate
its special ability!
And by way of Clear Wing
Synchro Dragon's powers,
Starving Venom Fusion Dragon
is destroyed!
And with that done, Clear Wing
now gains its attack points!
Yuri just destroyed
his own monster?
But why?
5,300 attack points?
If Clear Wing Synchro Dragon
attacks Sky Magician,
Yusho will take
2,500 points of damage!
Only 2,500 points, huh?
That's no fun.
I'd rather take a page
from my opponent...
And do something
more dramatic.
I send your Magician's Left and
Right Hands to the graveyard...
To activate two spells
from my hand:
Destruction Flower
and Destruction Fruit!
Presto!
Destruction Fruit decreases
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon's
attack points by 3,000
and revives Starving Venom
Fusion Dragon from my graveyard!
(both screaming)
And when I successfully summon
a monster from my graveyard,
Destruction Flower's
effect activates!
With it,
the difference between
Clear Wing's
decreased attack points
and original attack points
are dealt to you as damage
and Sky Magician's
attack points
are reduced by
that same amount!
You may have only lost
200 life points.
But this is
only the beginning.
A cruel, cruel beginning
that will last until
your very last life point
is gone.
What does he mean?
Starving Venom Fusion Dragon
uses its ability on
Sky Magician once more!
So like before,
Clear Wing uses its ability
to destroy Starving Venom
Fusion Dragon!
And then once again,
Clear Wing gains Starving Venom
Fusion Dragon's attack points!
Then Destruction Fruit lowers
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon's
attack points by 3,000
to resurrect
the toxically terrifying
Starving Venom Fusion Dragon!
(both screaming)
Guess what's next:
Destruction Flower!
I use its effect
on Clear Wing!
So you now take damage equal
to the difference between
its old and new attack points!
And Sky Magician's attack
points lower by that same
amount!
400 this time?
And it's going to get worse!
Yusho, you are caught
in an endless cycle
of pain and suffering
where you take damage
every single loop!
And the only thing that
will end it is your defeat!
No! It can't end this way.
Dad, no!
This cycle will lead
to your end, Yusho,
and the beginning of my reign
as the most powerful
person ever!
So long, Yusho,
and good riddance!
Attack!
One final transfer,
and I will finally have
my daughter back...
While it seems your time,
Yusho, is at an end.
(dragons roaring)
Yuri, don't!
Leave my dad alone!
Oh, no...
Control yourself!
Yuya!
I blast you again!
I have to stop this!
Declan!
Your help isn't needed!
But you're going
to lose the match!
That may well be,
but if that's how
this show must come to an end,
then so be it.
W hat a wonderful show it was.
Only because I won, obviously.
You may have
won the duel, Yuri,
but if you duel with heart
you're always a winner.
Even when
the final curtain falls.
Yusho, no!
(screaming)
Yuya.
I love you, my son.
With all my heart!
Be quiet!
All the love in the world
couldn't save him!
Or you,
for that matter!
What do you say we end
this show with a bang?
Oh, Starving Venom
Fusion Dragon...
Attack Sky Magician!
Dad, no!
(Yusho)
Yuya, it's your time to shine.
(cackling)
(gasping)
(laughing)
No!
(screaming)